Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again, and we're blessed to be here.
We're excited to be here.
We have some things on our heart.
Diana's going to read you an amazing prophetic word.
We have read this before, but there are so many new faces, y'all.
We've been putting these videos out.
There are so many nuggets that the Lord has given us over the last year and a half, two years, and I feel in my heart it's time to bring some of those up again because He told me, 'Brandon, those words are getting buried down there, and people just forget about them, and the new faces that are coming to your channel need to hear what I'm saying.
' So instead of scrolling all the way to the bottom 500 videos, which takes 10 minutes and your finger gets sore, I thought, why not every once in a while bring those up to the top?
And I'm just saying this—the trolls automatically want to say, 'Well, you're manipulating the videos at the bottom because you're turning them off because those are false prophetic words.
' No, I'm bringing them up to the top.
I cannot have two of the same video on my account at the same time.
YouTube told me if you do that, they were going to punish us.
It's against the rules.
So we turn that and make it unlisted instead of having two videos on there at the same time.
I'm not doing anything shady; I'm following the rules of YouTube.
So you can have your opinion, but I'm just trying to tell everybody.
We had one of the coolest things: I found an article someone sent, and Iran has what the Lord showed me.
If you remember what I said about Iran having a big base in the side of a mountain—I went in the spirit when I was praying, and I saw a road, and on the right-hand side of this road, I saw a base in this mountain.
It was like an underground city in Iran, and in the underground city, there were all kinds of biological weapons and technology; all their military secrets were in this mountain.
Well, they are beefing up security around this mountain, and they have pictures of this mountain on a website in a news article saying that Iran is beefing up security around this mountain.
It's identical.
You can see all the little diagrams; they're pointing to the sides of the mountain.
I told you, they're putting missile systems out there trying to protect from bunker-busting bombs, trying to do whatever they could to make layers to protect their secrets, and I saw secret spies in there.
That's what we are praying for—that these secret spies leaking out this information would be protected and not be found, because the Lord told me if these people are found, they'll instantaneously kill them.
It's that serious.
So we're interceding for these spies—American spies, Israeli spies, British spies, I don't know.
All I know is that these people are there on assignment from their governments, and they are being protected by our Lord Jesus, I believe, because we're exposing darkness.
What's amazing is the road that leads around this mountain is exactly the way the Lord showed me in the vision.
It was so detailed.
This is just like an aerial, satellite view of this mountain.
What the Lord showed me was so detailed.
I saw the mountain; I saw the road.
And the Lord showed me trucks carrying orange gas—orange mustard—50-gallon drums on trucks that did not look like Peterbilts or semis like we use in America.
They were like little trucks, but they had tarps over them.
They were traveling to Syria through the top part of Iraq, and they drove this road all the way through Syria.
The biological things were in Damascus, and the Lord showed this to me.
Well, the mountain's real.
And whenever I saw that, I said, 'My goodness, Lord.
' So many people come and pray, and I believe we're stopping it.
We're uncovering what the enemy is trying to do to kill, steal, and destroy.
Then we see Klaus Schwab, the man that I told you was very evil.
I saw him all the time talking to the devil.
I gave the word, and I'll show you the word right here.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, watch George Soros in the days ahead.
' I was shown George Soros passing away and his son rising up.
I saw his son was more of a tyrant than George Soros in the days ahead.
The Lord showed me this three days ago.
He said to me, 'Brandon, these are the signs coming next that you can watch and know.
' And I saw Klaus Schwab being removed, and I saw one darker coming up behind him.
This is who's interim.
They haven't totally voted him in right now, but this is the interim leader of the WEF, the new leader taking Klaus Schwab's position.
And I told you all this man would be even darker than whatever Klaus Schwab is.
I wonder who this guy is.
He said he doesn't want anybody to have any water.
There were articles and videos of him saying that he didn't want people to be able to wash their cars or fill up their pools.
He wanted to control all the water around the world.
I don't know where they find these men, but they find them right out of the pits of hell, I believe.
It just shows you, folks, we're so close to the end.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you say that all the time.
' It's amazing because every day there's something new, and we're getting closer and closer to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The Pope passing away on Easter was a major deal.
In my opinion, it was a sign.
I don't believe he was a godly Pope.
I don't believe this man was right, for some of the things people were bringing out—what he said was very antichrist.
So we need to pray for an amazing leader.
I'm praying for a reprieve for the Catholic Church to have a revival and a great awakening.
There are so many Latino Catholic people and Catholics throughout the whole world; the faith is very strong and they have a huge following.
Why not have revival in the Catholic Church?
Let's stop thinking so small.
Why could God not show up and show off in a supernatural way in the Catholic Church?
Just like He showed me the LDS church—the Lord showed me a major revival about to take place in the LDS where they would have a splitting in their church.
Some of the churches were branching off and doing their own thing, correcting some doctrinal issues that were off, and I believe there's a lot of 'off' in that.
I try not to attack people, but I have to be real and tell you the truth.
If it doesn't line up with the Bible and you have your own bible, you have to run from that.
Do not separate yourself from the Word of God.
The Word of God is a pillar, and you always abide by what the Bible says, regardless of what some man named Joseph wrote in a book.
Okay?
I'm not really familiar with your faith all the way, but I hear bits and pieces and I'm telling you it's a false doctrine and it is something that I would say, "Run.
" You say, "Should I be baptized in the Mormon church?
Should I do all this?
" No, you shouldn't have multiple wives.
No, you shouldn't have all this stuff.
There's so many things that I'm hearing and I'm like, folks, this is way off.
We go by what the Word of God says, period.
And we don't go by somebody, and there's no supplementation.
You don't add to or take away from anything in the Word of God.
But I saw a major revival for the people because the Lord told me, "These are good people.
There's a lot of good people in this religious outfit.
" There's a lot of good people there, Brandon.
He said, "And I desire that not one of them should perish, but all come to repentance and follow me.
" And whenever the Lord told me that, it shook me.
And he said, "I'm personally going to show up and show off in that group of people, and I'm going to show them mercy way, and I'm going to bring them out of bondage, all the satanic bondage, and I'm going to release them from this.
" They've been brainwashed, and the Lord told me he's coming to set the captives free and it's going to be a great wave of revival in these Mormon churches.
There will be a shifting and a splitting.
Not everybody's going to follow, but in this the Lord said he was going to do something major.
Now, that may make you mad as a hornet right now, me saying that if you go to that church—"Oh, I'm never going to listen to him again.
" I love you.
We pray for you.
We don't want to be mean to you.
I don't believe in all the doctrines of the Catholic Church, but I'm not here to be mean to anybody.
I just love everybody.
I don't believe I have to go to a priest to confess my sins.
I go to Jesus himself.
I take communion.
There's a lot of things that I don't agree with the Catholic Church, but I love them and I love the body of Christ.
And I want us all to get along and come together as a unit, as a family.
Yeah, we don't always have to; we can agree to disagree if that's what you want to believe, but I'm not here to pick at you.
I'm here to tell you the truth of what I feel the truth is.
That's why it's my channel.
And I'm here to shine the light and be the mouthpiece for the Lord as loud as I can.
And as long as you stick around here, I'm going to try to teach you the best I can, the truth.
And that's the Word of God, and that you can have a life that's victorious.
And you don't need a pastor or a priest or anybody to forgive you or any kind of purgatory or all that stuff.
I don't believe any of that—lighting a candle, doing all those things.
I just believe in seeking Jesus with all my heart.
And that may make some of you mad, but I'm telling you, it's what the Bible says.
And I believe you can pick up that beautiful book and read this and it becomes alive to you and it will change you from the inside out.
And so all this pope stuff and all that, I'm just believing God for a radical move of the Spirit of the Lord inside the Catholic Church in the days ahead.
I'm just believing for a supernatural—what I mean is a mighty wave of the glory of God to invade the Catholic Church.
Yes.
So we need a better leader because it comes from the top down.
And as you see change as the leader changes, the whole—it's like he's the head of that organization, of the denomination, and as we pray for him, he'll steer the whole body of the rest of them.
So, we just need some good leaders.
What I'm trying to say is we need somebody that is looking to Jesus with all their heart.
And this will change all the stuff of the doctrine issues of what the last pope did and clean some things up.
Yes, it's not over.
There's good days yet, folks.
I'm believing for a radical visitation from Jesus that it will change us from the inside out and all the other stuff will all fall into place.
All these doctrinal issues that we all disagree on and agree on or whatever, as long as we're seeking him, he'll sort us all out.
It's like I told you; it's like a sluice box that you're sifting the dirt.
And the more you sift that dirt, the Lord said, "I'm going to sift the dirt upon the land, Brandon.
I'm going to sift the church.
" And as he sifts the church through that sluice box, all of the gold is going to rise and the good stuff's going to rise and the bad stuff's going to fall to the ground.
That's what we have to focus on.
Not all the doctrinal issues.
Let's just focus on Jesus and he'll sort it out.
He'll keep sifting things.
He'll keep making it all rise up.
And when it's all said and done, we're going to look beautiful.
A gold nugget looks beautiful whenever it comes up to the top and all that garbage falls below and you go, "Did it all really matter?
" All that matters is him, isn't it?
All that matters is him.
And people get real ugly about it.
It's like I got the flat-earthers and the round-earthers and the pre-tribbers and the mid-tribbers and the post-tribbers and all the other tribbers and it is amazing how many different thinkings and how divided the body of Christ truly is.
And if we really all join together, it's just petty differences.
It really is.
And I want to say this: Jesus came to set the captives free, not make us more bound.
He came to set the captives free.
He doesn't want us bound, folks.
He wants us to walk in victory.
No division.
But me just saying this probably causes a little bit of division; your feathers get all ruffled up.
But I love you.
We pray for you.
And we're not here to be mean to you.
We're here to tell you what we believe, what the Word of God has told us.
Jesus is the way.
He's the only way.
And that's all that matters.
So, if you're still here and you haven't clicked out of the video for being mad at us, Diana has a prophetic word.
I've talked to this man; his name is Maurice Sklar.
And oh, what an amazing guy he is.
I know we've read this before, but I'm telling you, it's worth hearing again.
So, this is from 2014.
It's a dream.
He had a supernatural dream.
So, we're going to read this dream.
It's quite lengthy, but it's beautiful.
And it talks about everything the Lord showed me in tribulation.
This man saw it in 2014.
And I want you to think about this.
I had my visitation July 6th of 2014.
He had his vision March 13th of 2014, a couple months earlier.
So at the same time, God is speaking to two different prophetic people.
And I just thought, "Wow.
" When I found out the date, I was shocked by it because I had mine a couple—I don't even know this man.
I just thought, "Wow.
" But I talked to him on the phone and told him I was doing this kind of stuff before and he's amazing.
He's a really nice guy.
He's not in the public eye.
He's not real, you know, like me on YouTube.
He just plays a violin.
This week I had a dream.
It was a terribly frightening dream.
In it, I saw a huge angel standing suspended in the air over New York Harbor.
It looked so large that it covered the night sky.
His body was clad in golden armor, as if he was going to war.
His face and entire being were so bright that I could not gaze up at him for long.
White beams of light seemed to radiate outward from him in all directions.
He was standing over the Statue of Liberty.
It was night, but I could hardly see the lights around him coming from New York City.
As he blazed so brightly with divine light, he reached for his belt that was covered with a red sash around his midsection and drew out his sword.
It was so massive.
It blazed with light and fire all around it.
It looked at least 100 feet long.
I have never felt such fear when I saw an angel before.
I just knew this mighty warring spirit had authority from the very throne of God.
He had a grim expression as he held his mighty sword over his head with both hands.
I could see that he was poised to hit the Statue of Liberty and cleave it in two.
I trembled and tried to hide, but the angel was looking directly at me.
And I knew there was nowhere to go that he would not see me.
Then he spoke.
His voice was like thunder and echoed throughout the whole harbor.
He said, "How long will you refuse to humble yourself, O America?
You have been weighed in the balances of God and found wanting.
Your beginning was great and noble, but your end shall be disgrace and destruction.
Thus saith the Lord of heaven's armies, the Lord of hosts.
Time is running out.
The bowls of my wrath are full of my fury and judgment.
They shall be poured out upon you.
You shall drink them down to the dregs, every drop.
I have come to you day and night pleading with you to return to me for over 100 years.
I am merciful and long-suffering.
It brings me no joy to judge you, but you have hardened your hearts, scoffed at my warnings through my prophets and my holy servants.
I brought you from nothing and exalted you, O America, higher than any other nation.
But now you have fallen lower than Sodom.
You have sinned greater than Egypt.
You have become prouder than Babylon and Persia.
You have become more selfish than Rome.
You have exalted yourself in your own wisdom, higher than Greece.
You have more idols and high places of idolatry and luxury than any Gentile kingdom in history.
Your beginning was pure and great, but now the stench of your sin and filth fills my nostrils.
I shall cut you into pieces, and you shall reap the harvest of wrath from what you have sown.
You shall no longer be the queen of nations.
Now you shall bear your shame and become the lowest of the heathen nations.
Now you shall be hacked in pieces.
O earth, earth, earth, hear ye the word of the Lord.
" Then, to my horror, that massive sword came smashing down on Lady Liberty.
When it hit the top of her head, there was a blinding flash of light, and that sword split her in two, right down the middle.
Then the sword came again and again against her.
It divided her in pieces.
As the sword would finish each strike, fires would burst forth.
I heard terrible explosions.
The vision of the statue ended with an earthquake as it was hacked into pieces and sunk into the harbor.
I was weeping and crying out to God for mercy.
Never had I seen this side of God before.
I had only really known the love and goodness of Him.
Never had I seen the wrath of the Almighty.
Then, as if I was watching from a zoomed-in close-up, the dream shifted and I started to zoom outward from New York Harbor and started traveling in the air over America.
What I saw was horror beyond anything I have ever seen.
I saw the United States seem to crack in two with a giant earthquake right down the middle.
Do you remember that?
I told you all I saw this—a crack right down the middle.
It's so big and so wide that you can't—it's almost impassable.
I saw the southeastern United States covered with a giant wave of water from the ocean.
I saw a massive earthquake that just seemed to crack off the coast of California.
It reminded me of a saltine cracker that just cracked in two.
The great cities along the west coast just fell into the ocean all the way from Mexico up to Alaska and giant waves flooded inland until much of the west coast just wasn't there.
It had disappeared into the Pacific Ocean.
You can look at my video down below, and I saw—if you remember Braden posting it right here—about that falling off into the water.
Then I saw three giant rocket missiles that took off into the air.
Two came from out of the ocean waters and one came from land and traveled a great distance.
All of them blew up in the air—one, two, and three—in the upper atmosphere within five minutes of each other.
It was out near space.
They were terrible nuclear bombs.
But the last one was the biggest and it created a huge mushroom cloud over the Midwest part of America.
Then the ground shook and everything just went black.
There wasn't any electric light coming out of any homes.
Then candles began to be lit and fires and a little light was seen.
There were other nuclear explosions and many people perished throughout the nation.
There was just twisted metal and charred debris in cities that once were tall and majestic.
There was widespread looting and gangs roaming about everywhere with guns, stealing whatever food and supplies they could find.
Then I saw what looked like elite riot police by the thousands go into communities and even cities, forced the people out of their homes and brought them into what looked like concentration camps.
Some, but not all of these police armies had light blue helmets on.
Hundreds of thousands of people were arrested in this way.
Many would not cooperate and were just shot and left dead in their homes.
But there were millions of hidden groups that escaped the first wave of these terrible disasters.
Revival broke out and great evangelists and prophets and apostles rose up and began to preach to thousands outdoors and many were saved and born again.
Miracles of provision, multiplication of food and water and astonishing healings occurred.
Millions of people cried out to God and He heard and answered.
I knew that this was not just happening in America, but the Great Tribulation was upon them and all over the world these calamities were also taking place.
I saw multitudes of tribulation saints refusing to renounce Jesus as Lord.
They were starving, many of them, but still refused to take the stamp on their bodies so they could eat and live.
There was what looked like kiosks that were in every little town.
They advertised food and water only if you went inside them and took the electronic mark.
Some went in, bowed down to holographic movie images of the Antichrist and were branded in their hands and foreheads with an electronic tattoo-like stamp.
When they came out—if they came out—they had a zombie-like look.
Their minds and souls were gone.
It looked like they had a spiritual lobotomy.
Then these immediately joined the armies of those police units and were given weapons after they were fed and drank and rested in the kiosk.
They were like robots doing the Antichrist's bidding.
I knew that they were lost forever, but quite a few did not make it out.
They were tortured mentally and physically inside the kiosk.
But if they still refused the mark of the beast, there was a laser that shot through their brain and heart and sliced their heads off.
Then they were immediately incinerated.
Nothing but ashes remained.
This was the most horrifying of all.
It made the Nazi death camps look like a picnic, if that is possible.
Millions of people were executed in this way via computer systems automatically with such precision and efficiency that I marveled that something like this was even possible and could even take place on such a large scale.
The technology was more advanced than I had ever seen.
Then I was back looking at that terrible angel of the Lord and he said, "Warn everyone.
Flee from the wrath to come.
Repent and turn to Jesus while you still can.
Pray that you may escape these things that are shortly to happen and to stand in the presence of the Lord.
These things are about to take place.
Turn to God and cry out for mercy.
Come into the ark of salvation before the doors of grace close and it is too late.
" Then I awoke and was very troubled for some time and could not speak for several hours.
So, that's a "wow," huh?
Yeah.
I mean, to me, he saw another part of what I tried to present to you three videos ago.
That's why I'm bringing all this out again.
I feel an urgency in my spirit to sound the alarm as a watchman on the wall to tell you you're running out of time.
My job is not to make you feel good about everything.
My job is to warn you about what's coming.
The Lord spoke to me again this week.
It was last week, and I'd just been holding it.
And he said, 'Brandon, again, I want you to warn my people.
Their pride and the stiff-neckedness has come up before me.
' I warned you all about the heart.
People were like, 'Oh, you messed up on the timeframe.
' I corrected that about the six months from the election to May, and I'm trying to tell you the Lord is observing the nation as America as a whole.
The heart of America was black on the outside and the remnant had a sliver of red.
I'm begging you to listen to me.
You must prepare spiritually and have your house ready with your lamps full of oil for what is coming.
There is a shaking coming.
People go, 'What does that mean, Brandon?
What do you mean by a shaking?
' A great shaking is coming to awaken.
Many people are asleep.
And the Lord said, 'I'm giving one last call.
One last call.
' He's told me over and over and I hear it echo inside of me even right now.
I'm giving one last call and people are still asleep.
We are a people that are so distracted by so many things—social media, the internet, YouTube, whatever.
There are so many things that pull our attention from this beautiful word, from getting down and seeking him and going vertical that we've lost sight of ourselves again.
God gives us these reprieves like he did at 9/11.
We had a great shaking in 2020 with COVID, and the Lord said to me, 'I'm bringing another wave.
' And in this, I saw pastors—I've told you this before—I saw pastors with honey all dripping from their mouths and cockroaches laying upon their lips because they were preaching a sugar-coated cockroach gospel to the people that was not bringing up backbones in the church.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's time we get serious about the coming of the Lord.
If you do not take it serious, I'm telling you, your days on this earth are in trouble.
I'm not saying you're going to just die spontaneously like I'm hearing some of these people say, but there are very trying times coming.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon, the things you're seeing with the stock market, the things you're seeing right now are Braxton Hicks.
' Every day it's something different: a stock market crash, a stock market increase, a stock market crash, but every day it's something different.
Braxton Hicks, the birthing pains.
Birthing pains last for minutes.
They are there and they go away.
But the closer and closer it gets to the major event of the birthing of the baby, the birthing pains increase and they stay longer.
The contractions are longer.
They're not as short at first, but it comes.
Is that right?
Yes.
You're a woman.
I don't want to speak for a woman; I'm just saying they get very intense.
They get more intense to the point where they're almost unbearable—stronger and stronger and more intense as it progresses and it's awful from what I saw you go through.
Me trying to describe to you what a woman goes through is pretty ignorant, but I'm just saying what I saw her go through.
But I'm saying, folks, the Lord says as labor pains upon a woman, we see this happening right now.
And I believe as the stock market goes up and the stock market goes down—one day it's down 5,000 points, one day it's up 1,000 points—people are so excited.
It's what's happening.
We're seeing the labor pains.
We see the heart of humanity turning from God and they get excited and they rejoice.
And the Lord said, 'I'm giving the remnant a window.
' Who is the remnant to him?
The ones that are sold out, the ones that are looking to him and saying, 'God, all I need is you.
' And he said, 'I want to take care of you, and I'm going to give you provision for what's about to happen.
' Because I thought, 'Lord, is it still coming?
' And you say to me, 'Brandon, why do you post these videos about the oak trees?
' Because he warns me to.
I don't do it for fun.
This is a ministry to me.
This isn't a job.
I'm trying to yell as loud as I can for what the Lord has said.
I strategically put these videos to tell you what's coming because you forget.
People go, 'Where are we?
Oh, I guess it's okay.
Coast is clear.
Time to come out of the hole.
' No, it's a shaking to awaken.
And what is about to take place in America and the world is a major shaking to awaken.
Many of you will remember what I'm telling you right now.
Many of you, for what is coming in the days ahead, will call it a great Ichabod.
The glory has departed.
But I tell you the truth, it is not that the glory has departed.
The Lord said, 'I will never leave you and I will never forsake you.
Lo, until the end of the earth, I will be with you always.
' The Bible says that.
But many of you, when you come against a storm or hard times, you're going to think God left you.
And those watching this video, many of you will say, 'Lord, Lord,' just like Peter did.
As the rooster crowed three times, Peter denied him when people were saying to him, 'Are you a follower of Jesus?
' 'Oh no, I never knew him.
' But he had said, 'Oh Lord, I'll never denounce you.
' Check your heart even now.
I check myself.
Diana checks herself.
Are we a Peter?
Will we be a Peter in the day of test and trial?
I refuse to say that I will or I won't.
If Peter did it, who am I?
All I want to do is keep looking at him.
And I'm telling you the pressure that is coming.
The Lord spoke to me again and he said, 'I told you to tell my people that there will be a day that it will seem like a great Ichabod is upon the land because of all the pressure that's coming.
But America,' he said, 'I've weighed you in the balance and I have found you lacking.
' The intercessory prayer has delayed this, but there's coming a point in time when the prayers of the saints will not be able to hold back what's about to take place.
He said this right before the tribulation began.
I believe we're right at that window.
I told you Jesus is standing at the door and he's ready to come.
He's watching for the Father's instructions to come back.
He won't step foot on the earth, but he's coming in the clouds and he's waiting on us for the rapture of the church.
Is your lamp full today?
And people say, 'Well, the trade wars, Brandon, you said all this stuff about the trade wars.
' Yeah, I did.
And you're seeing it in the news.
Walmart, Target, Costco, Sam's—they're all saying that by the summer, if they don't get these trade wars ended, there will be no stuff for the shelves in a lot of the stores.
What did I tell you happens then?
They take from one store and they bring it to another store and they have armed guards with semi-automatic weapons—not policemen, military men.
I saw military men at most grocery stores and Walmart stores surrounding as a police state ready to protect because of rioting and looting.
Will we see it get that far?
My job is to pray.
My job isn't to breed fear.
My job is to warn you about what's coming and to tell you this is what I've seen.
You're seeing birthing pains in the news, and what I warned you about from the fall of 2023 and spring of 2024.
And here we are in 2025 and it's starting to manifest.
We're in April in this video, folks.
It's a serious time.
And Maurice Sklar, I know for a fact, hears the voice of the Lord because I've seen a lot of the words that the Lord gives him.
And he warns him just like he warns me.
All I know is that we're coming to the time where Jacob's trouble is about to set foot on the land.
But it's not just about America; it's about a worldwide shaking.
But there will be a major revival just like Azusa.
There is a major revival.
I believe there's a major revival in tribulation, and I believe there's a major revival before tribulation, and we're going to see a harvest of souls all the time.
People are going to, you know, when you told your neighbor or your cousin or whoever that all this is going on and they're like, 'Oh yeah, I've heard that before.
' But when they start to see it, they're going to go, 'Hey cousin, can we talk?
' And you'll be able to lead them to Jesus because that's going to shake them from the inside out.
It's going to shake them when they start seeing this stuff.
I mean, seriously, it's going to shake them.
So, do I say all this to scare you?
No.
I say all this to prepare you.
I've yelled as loud as I can.
I don't know how much longer the Lord will have me on YouTube.
I'm doing it for right now because he asked me to.
But he may say, 'Hey, you're done.
I want you to go do something else.
' I don't know.
I don't think he will, but he might.
But as long as I'm here and you're listening, I'm going to tell you what I'm hearing.
And I'm going to tell you as loud as I can.
He told me to go to Asia.
He told me to go to South America.
He told me to go to Europe and put the gospel throughout the whole world and tell them what I'm hearing and warning you as loud as I can that a major shaking is about to take place.
And I've told you the plague will take place during Trump's presidency.
Will it be delayed?
I pray it is.
Will it happen near his presidency?
That's what I saw.
I've had so many visions and so many dreams; I've had two dreams of warning about a major plague of 350 million people just in this area.
That's all we have in this area.
I saw so many from Canada all the way up.
I saw so many people dying.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, this is a lot bigger and a lot worse than what people realize.
' He warns me all the time.
Brandon, I told him, I said, the Lord said, 'Brandon, people are not taking it serious.
' I said, 'Oh, Lord, what more could I do?
What more could I do?
What do I say to convince you?
' People, one lady got so upset at me and they're saying that I was bringing fear and all this stuff.
And I said, 'It shouldn't bring you fear if you've known about it for two years.
You didn't take it seriously when you heard it.
It's fallen upon deaf ears.
He that has ears to hear what the spirit is saying, let him hear.
' There were babies upon the land.
That was part of the vision.
There were babies upon the land.
From sea to shining sea, there were babies and they all had diapers on.
And the body of Christ, those preachers with the honey on the lips, were not teaching the church how to have a backbone.
They weren't teaching me.
And so there were babies everywhere.
And I see a lot of babies.
I'm telling you: a great shaking.
Oh, how I have favored you.
Oh, how he said it to me so many times.
'Oh, how I have loved America.
I have favored you above all the other nations.
The prayers of your founding fathers still go before my throne.
But yet you have become complacent and stiff-necked with pride before me, and your hearts are far from me, and there will be a shaking to awaken now.
' God bless you all.
Let me pray for you today.
Father, we just thank you for your warnings.
You don't have to tell us anything, but yet you choose to.
You're so big and so awesome and you're so powerful and I fear you, Lord.
I fear you.
I reverence you.
And I know you only say it because you love your people and you're trying to wake them up.
When you keep warning somebody and they don't hear it, the ultimate punishment is separation from you for eternity.
That's true judgment: not having the opportunity to repent because you've taken your last breath on this earth.
And all these words and all these warnings, people hear them and they go in one ear and out the other.
And yet you still echo inside of me so loud every day.
I don't get away from it because I hear all the time what's about to take place.
And I yell as a watchman.
I see it, and I see it getting closer and closer and closer, and yet the people don't hear it.
Lord, I ask you to help me to be more effective in my words, to warn the people what you're saying, and that they would not hear the chickens, but to come up and rise up like the eagles; that they would not listen to the chickens on the ground anymore, Father, and they would discern who's a chicken, a rooster, and who's an eagle.
And Father, I thank you.
The only one that is able to make your voice loud enough is by your spirit, that it would pierce them inside and they would get right before you.
For the coming of the Lord is at hand.
And Father, we yell and we yell and we yell, God, and I say it with all I've got.
And I thank you Lord that you make my words be your words, that they would pierce the hearts by the spirit of the Lord warning your people because I know you care about them more than what I could ever think about.
You care about these people more than what we could ever dream about.
You are the God that is love, but love corrects.
Love corrects because love doesn't allow you to keep going.
There's a waterfall there; there's an edge there.
You don't mean to keep driving, but they keep driving.
They keep going.
You keep yelling, but after a while, if they fall off the edge, it's on them because you warned them.
So, Father, I thank you that we keep on keeping on and we'll be obedient to what you called us to do to warn the people until you say stop warning.
Father, as we see the birthing pains, as we see the economy go up and down with the Braxton Hicks and the things taking place, Father, knowing that a great shaking is coming.
And the main thing you said, Brandon, the main thing that's important to the American people is their money.
If you touch their money, it freaks them out.
And I said, 'Yeah, Lord, their money is their God.
Their money is their God.
' God, the money is God to America.
And you told me I'm about to touch the money.
How is that going to take place?
I don't know, but I know you said you were going to.
And he's given us a window.
A window for the people who are precious, the dear ones that are listening to him.
He's not punishing the ones that are awake, his beloved, the ones that are on fire, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit that are just listening and sitting at his feet.
This isn't to catch us off guard, but you better be listening to what he told you to do and not be idle.
If you say, 'I'm not going to do anything,' then you probably will perish with the others.
I have to say it's being obedient to what he asked you to do.
So, Father, I thank you.
I thank you for our brothers and sisters here.
There's so many people that get afraid, they get freaked out, they've got anxiety and worry about what's coming in the future.
But Father, we take no thought for tomorrow.
We seek you.
And Father, we just hear and go, 'God, what do you want us to do?
' Father, we pray for Canada today.
I know what you've told me about Canada.
I already know the outcome of the election.
You've already showed me who wins; you've already showed me what happens.
I've not talked about it, but Lord, I pray for mercy for Canada today.
I pray for mercy for Canada today.
I ask you right now in the name of Jesus for all the righteous people to go out and vote.
That this is too big to rig; too big to rig.
That the people would go out and vote in the name of Jesus.
And he warns him just like he warns me.
All I know is that we're coming to the time where Jacob's trouble is about to set foot on the land.
But it's not just about America; it's about a worldwide shaking.
But there will be a major revival just like Azusa.
There is a major revival.
I believe there's a major revival in tribulation, and I believe there's a major revival before tribulation, and we're going to see a harvest of souls all the time.
People are going to, you know, when you told your neighbor or your cousin or whoever that all this is going on and they're like, 'Oh yeah, I've heard that before.
' But when they start to see it, they're going to go, 'Hey cousin, can we talk?
' And you'll be able to lead them to Jesus because that's going to shake them from the inside out.
It's going to shake them when they start seeing this stuff.
I mean, seriously, it's going to shake them.
So, do I say all this to scare you?
No.
I say all this to prepare you.
I've yelled as loud as I can.
I don't know how much longer the Lord will have me on YouTube.
I'm doing it for right now because he asked me to.
But he may say, 'Hey, you're done.
I want you to go do something else.
' I don't know.
I don't think he will, but he might.
But as long as I'm here and you're listening, I'm going to tell you what I'm hearing.
And I'm going to tell you as loud as I can.
He told me to go to Asia.
He told me to go to South America.
He told me to go to Europe and put the gospel throughout the whole world and tell them what I'm hearing and warning you as loud as I can that a major shaking is about to take place.
And I've told you the plague will take place during Trump's presidency.
Will it be delayed?
I pray it is.
Will it happen near his presidency?
That's what I saw.
I've had so many visions and so many dreams; I've had two dreams of warning about a major plague of 350 million people just in this area.
That's all we have in this area.
I saw so many from Canada all the way up.
I saw so many people dying.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, this is a lot bigger and a lot worse than what people realize.
' He warns me all the time.
Brandon, I told him, I said, the Lord said, 'Brandon, people are not taking it serious.
' I said, 'Oh, Lord, what more could I do?
What more could I do?
What do I say to convince you?
' People, one lady got so upset at me and they're saying that I was bringing fear and all this stuff.
And I said, 'It shouldn't bring you fear if you've known about it for two years.
You didn't take it seriously when you heard it.
It's fallen upon deaf ears.
He that has ears to hear what the spirit is saying, let him hear.
' There were babies upon the land.
That was part of the vision.
There were babies upon the land.
From sea to shining sea, there were babies and they all had diapers on.
And the body of Christ, those preachers with the honey on the lips, were not teaching the church how to have a backbone.
They weren't teaching me.
And so there were babies everywhere.
And I see a lot of babies.
I'm telling you: a great shaking.
Oh, how I have favored you.
Oh, how he said it to me so many times.
'Oh, how I have loved America.
I have favored you above all the other nations.
The prayers of your founding fathers still go before my throne.
But yet you have become complacent and stiff-necked with pride before me, and your hearts are far from me, and there will be a shaking to awaken now.
' God bless you all.
Let me pray for you today.
Father, we just thank you for your warnings.
You don't have to tell us anything, but yet you choose to.
You're so big and so awesome and you're so powerful and I fear you, Lord.
I fear you.
I reverence you.
And I know you only say it because you love your people and you're trying to wake them up.
When you keep warning somebody and they don't hear it, the ultimate punishment is separation from you for eternity.
That's true judgment: not having the opportunity to repent because you've taken your last breath on this earth.
And all these words and all these warnings, people hear them and they go in one ear and out the other.
And yet you still echo inside of me so loud every day.
I don't get away from it because I hear all the time what's about to take place.
And I yell as a watchman.
I see it, and I see it getting closer and closer and closer, and yet the people don't hear it.
Lord, I ask you to help me to be more effective in my words, to warn the people what you're saying, and that they would not hear the chickens, but to come up and rise up like the eagles; that they would not listen to the chickens on the ground anymore, Father, and they would discern who's a chicken, a rooster, and who's an eagle.
And Father, I thank you.
The only one that is able to make your voice loud enough is by your spirit, that it would pierce them inside and they would get right before you.
For the coming of the Lord is at hand.
And Father, we yell and we yell and we yell, God, and I say it with all I've got.
And I thank you Lord that you make my words be your words, that they would pierce the hearts by the spirit of the Lord warning your people because I know you care about them more than what I could ever think about.
You care about these people more than what we could ever dream about.
You are the God that is love, but love corrects.
Love corrects because love doesn't allow you to keep going.
There's a waterfall there; there's an edge there.
You don't mean to keep driving, but they keep driving.
They keep going.
You keep yelling, but after a while, if they fall off the edge, it's on them because you warned them.
So, Father, I thank you that we keep on keeping on and we'll be obedient to what you called us to do to warn the people until you say stop warning.
Father, as we see the birthing pains, as we see the economy go up and down with the Braxton Hicks and the things taking place, Father, knowing that a great shaking is coming.
And the main thing you said, Brandon, the main thing that's important to the American people is their money.
If you touch their money, it freaks them out.
And I said, 'Yeah, Lord, their money is their God.
Their money is their God.
' God, the money is God to America.
And you told me I'm about to touch the money.
How is that going to take place?
I don't know, but I know you said you were going to.
And he's given us a window.
A window for the people who are precious, the dear ones that are listening to him.
He's not punishing the ones that are awake, his beloved, the ones that are on fire, filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit that are just listening and sitting at his feet.
This isn't to catch us off guard, but you better be listening to what he told you to do and not be idle.
If you say, 'I'm not going to do anything,' then you probably will perish with the others.
I have to say it's being obedient to what he asked you to do.
So, Father, I thank you.
I thank you for our brothers and sisters here.
There's so many people that get afraid, they get freaked out, they've got anxiety and worry about what's coming in the future.
But Father, we take no thought for tomorrow.
We seek you.
And Father, we just hear and go, 'God, what do you want us to do?
' Father, we pray for Canada today.
I know what you've told me about Canada.
I already know the outcome of the election.
You've already showed me who wins; you've already showed me what happens.
I've not talked about it, but Lord, I pray for mercy for Canada today.
I pray for mercy for Canada today.
I ask you right now in the name of Jesus for all the righteous people to go out and vote.
That this is too big to rig; too big to rig.
That the people would go out and vote in the name of Jesus.
We pray over the people that are believing for miracles in their lives today.
They are believing that when these hard times come, they will always be at the top and they will be flying above all the turbulence.
I am going to be flying high on eagles' wings.
And if I walk through that valley, I will fear no evil.
Father, you have got me.
I thank you that your rod and your staff comfort me.
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
Goodness and mercy are following us all the days of our lives.
We pray the word of God and we get that word down inside of us: Psalm 91, Psalm 23.
Though there's a storm brewing, he said, 'I fear no evil.
' I speak to the storms of life.
I speak to the storms of financial turbulence.
Stock market up, stock market down.
I refuse to be moved by what I see.
I am not moved by what I see; I am moved by what the word of God says.
God shall supply all my needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
But my God—it's personal—my God, he is my God, and he shall supply all my needs according to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
It's not just Brother Brandon's God or Sister Diana's God.
No, he better be your God.
He is my God.
I seek you, Lord.
Just like Jesus said, 'Who am I to you?
' To Peter, 'You are the rock.
You are my rock.
' What did he truly say, Donna?
He said, 'That's who they say I am, but who do you say I am?
' And his disciples said, 'You are the Messiah.
' And upon this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
That is why I don't believe in the tribulation for the church.
The gates of hell will not prevail against it.
They don't have authority over me.
Ain't no grave going to hold my body down when I hear that trumpet sound; I am going to get up out of that ground.
People say, 'Well, that's a false doctrine,' because that's what they said back then.
Folks, he has not appointed us to wrath because there ain't no grave going to hold my body down.
I believe that we have power and authority over the enemy.
We have power and authority over the devil.
Do you believe it?
But you have to be a believing believer to get that.
I believe what this word says I can do.
I can have what this word says I can have.
I am a work in progress just like everybody else.
But I choose to believe that God is true to his word.
I choose to believe that God will deliver me today.
I choose to believe that he is faithful.
I choose to believe that he is going to provide for me and my wife and my kids.
I choose to believe that though all this stuff is around us, he will provide for me.
I don't have stocks anyway, but people freak out about them.
I mean, how many people on this channel have stocks?
I don't know many people who really do.
I don't even know anyone who has any stocks other than one woman who is pretty close to us.
But Father, I just thank you, Lord, for these people who are watching today.
Father, we give you praise and glory for every single one of them.
And we thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
You know, when I am sitting here praying and we are saying all this, I feel the presence of the Lord so strong.
About everything that I have said today, the warnings—it's like when he comes in and I feel his presence like this, I could sit like this all day long.
I am never in a hurry.
I appreciate him.
I don't say this bragging, but I don't know many people who experience what we have experienced.
I say it in a way that is humble because it is not us.
It is like he said to me when I was outside and I bought some flowers and I was so proud of them.
I got all the flowers organized and it was all beautiful and I said, 'Look at what I did, Lord.
Isn't that beautiful?
' And he said, 'Brandon, you didn't do anything.
I created the flowers.
You just organized them.
' He said, 'Always remember that I am the creator of everything and you organized it, and that's the way it is with everything in your life.
' I looked at it so differently whenever he said that.
He said, 'Can you cause a flower to live?
' I said, 'I can't.
All I can do is water it with what you gave me.
I can put it in good soil.
' He created the water, the sunlight to nourish it, the breeze—everything.
It was beautiful.
The way he said it to me, 'It's all him.
All you did was just organize it.
I created it.
You really didn't do anything, but you organized it.
Yeah, you did a good job organizing it, but I made it beautiful.
' It was perfect what he did for us.
Everything he sets his hand to is perfect.
I love flowers.
But the way he talks to me when I'm playing with his flowers.
I said, 'Oh, I love your flowers.
It's his creation.
' I said, 'Oh, I worked so well today.
I love what I did.
Thank you, Lord, for those flowers.
' And he said, 'Brandon.
' But it's always staying small in your own eyes.
He is the potter; I am the clay.
We need him so desperately.
I deflect the glory to him.
I am just a vessel that the great potter works through.
I take excellence in my work, but he is the ultimate creator of the flower.
That may sound really simple to some of you, but it is the way he said it.
It's the way he instructs as a father.
Those moments I let you in on are very private, but they are so personal.
He is a personal God that wants to have a personal relationship with you.
Isn't that amazing?
We were sitting in a Walmart parking lot and there was this elderly lady getting in her car and I said, 'You know what's interesting about her is that we will probably never see that woman again.
' There are so many of us and so many different times that you could go to Walmart and we would just barely miss bumping into each other.
But we will never cross each other's paths unless you reach out to me.
There are so many of us, but he keeps a hedge over every single one and he doesn't lose track of any of us.
He knows every single one of us and every single need we have.
And he is able to do it perfectly.
It's beautiful.
Every single bird in the air, the flowers, all of it.
He is God.
And yes, he chooses to pick you and me to do this.
He could choose anybody, but he chose us.
And I'm so grateful that he did because my heart is for you.
My heart is for you.
Kathryn Kuhlman used to say, "Oh," she told Billy, "Oh, Billy, he could choose anybody.
" And that is so true.
How do you not take pride in what you do?
You think you're so big, but I'm just a vessel.
I deflect.
He could use anybody.
But I'm so grateful that he chose us to use us today.
That's why I said I don't know how long I'll do this on YouTube.
I don't know.
It could be over tomorrow.
But I chose if he could just use me one more time today.
I pray this video blessed you all today.
I pray it hopefully refreshed you.
I know some of it was heavy, but it was what he said to say.
I appreciate all your subscribers.
If you could subscribe, click the notification bell, and click the like button.
Seriously, we're on our way to 600,000—well, 550,000—but I always believe big.
They say, "Hey, we're believing for a million, but we've got to get to six first.
Then we go to seven, eight, nine, 10.
" It seems so far away.
But there is a day that I believe that the Lord will do it if that's what he wants.
We're excited you're here.
We're thankful you're here.
We pray for you and we pray for your families.
We pray for you to lift your head up to the Lord for his face to shine upon you and give you peace today, to be gracious to you because he's been gracious to us and we're so thankful for him.
Well, we always say when we close this broadcast, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart because Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.